work/client-projects/quatrro-burgerville-remediation/PROJECT.md, before:

---
# Required Fields
title: "Burgerville USA - Client Remediation"
category: "work"
container: "client-projects"
status: "active"
priority: "high"

# Dates (ISO 8601 format)
created: 2026-01-05
due: null
completed: null
last_updated: 2026-01-08

# Tags (array)
tags:
  - client-remediation
  - quatrro
  - hubspot

# People (optional, can be null)
owner: "Jason Pace"
collaborators: []
stakeholders: []

# Metrics (for agent tracking)
progress_percent: 0
estimated_hours: 0
actual_hours: 0
tasks_total: 0
tasks_completed: 0

# Links (optional)
related_projects: []
external_links:
  - "HubSpot Company: https://app.hubspot.com/contacts/24432642/record/0-2/16923631885"
repository: null

# HubSpot Integration
hubspot_company_id: "16923631885"
hubspot_last_sync: "2026-01-05"

# Flags (for agent automation)
needs_review: false
blocked: false
auto_archive_on_complete: true
---

# Burgerville USA - Client Remediation

## Overview

**Purpose**: Client remediation project for Burgerville USA to resolve outstanding issues and ensure compliance with Quatrro standards.

**Context**: High priority remediation work for at-risk key account requiring immediate attention to prevent churn.

**Success Criteria**: What does "done" look like?
- [ ] Criterion 1
- [ ] Criterion 2
- [ ] Criterion 3

## Current Status

**Status**: Active
**Progress**: 0%
**Last Updated**: 2026-01-05

### Recent Updates
- 2026-01-08: Burgerville will either terminate entirely or keep partial business during Restaurant 365 migration (from MUC Key Accounts at Risk - Weekly Call.docx)
- 2026-01-05: Project initiated with HubSpot integration planned

### Next Steps
1. Sync HubSpot data for complete client profile
2. Review client communications and meeting notes
3. Analyze current compliance issues and create remediation plan

## Project Details

### Goals
1. **Primary Goal**: Main objective
2. **Secondary Goal**: Supporting objective
3. **Stretch Goal**: Nice-to-have outcome

### Scope

**In Scope**:
- Item 1
- Item 2
- Item 3

**Out of Scope**:
- Item 1
- Item 2

### Constraints
- **Time**: Deadline or timeframe constraints
- **Budget**: Financial limitations (if applicable)
- **Resources**: Available resources and limitations
- **Dependencies**: What this project depends on

### Risks
| Risk | Likelihood | Impact | Mitigation |
|------|-----------|--------|------------|
| Risk 1 | High/Med/Low | High/Med/Low | How to address |
| Risk 2 | High/Med/Low | High/Med/Low | How to address |

## Resources

### Documentation
- [Tasks](./tasks.md) - Task tracking and todo list
- [Timeline](./timeline.md) - Milestones and phases
- See [docs/](./docs/) folder for additional documentation

### Assets
- See [assets/](./assets/) folder for files, images, etc.

### Notes
- See [notes/](./notes/) folder for general notes and ideas

## Metrics & Tracking

### Key Metrics
- **Metric 1**: Description (Target: X, Current: Y)
- **Metric 2**: Description (Target: X, Current: Y)

### Time Tracking
- **Estimated Time**: 0 hours
- **Actual Time**: 0 hours
- **Time Remaining**: 0 hours

## Retrospective

### What Went Well
- (To be filled on completion)

### What Could Be Improved
- (To be filled on completion)

### Lessons Learned
- (To be filled on completion)

## Archive Notes

**When Archiving**:
- Date archived:
- Final status:
- Key outcomes:
- Files archived to:

---

**Project Created**: 2025-01-15
**Last Updated**: 2026-01-05
**Project Owner**: Your Name

Commit message:

Phase 1: Remove staging/review gate - enable automatic imports
BREAKING CHANGE: Imports now apply immediately without manual review

Changes:
- Remove stage_for_review parameter from process_all_with_ai()
- Apply AI analyses directly to project files (no staging)
- Comment out [i] key handler (will be inbox in future phase)
- Remove unused imports: StagingManager, render_review_modal
- Update help screen to remove [i] key reference
- Update import README to reflect automatic workflow

Benefits:
- Zero friction: Drop file → AI analyzes → Applied immediately
- No manual review bottleneck
- Files archived automatically to .import-archive/
- Matches 'trust first, fix later' paradigm

Future phases will add:
- Phase 2: Undo/rollback system
- Inbox system for unmatched content
- Task move/reassign functionality

work/client-projects/quatrro-burgerville-remediation/PROJECT.md, after:

---
# Required Fields
title: "Burgerville USA - Client Remediation"
category: "work"
container: "client-projects"
status: "active"
priority: "high"

# Dates (ISO 8601 format)
created: 2026-01-05
due: null
completed: null
last_updated: 2026-01-09

# Tags (array)
tags:
  - client-remediation
  - quatrro
  - hubspot

# People (optional, can be null)
owner: "Jason Pace"
collaborators: []
stakeholders: []

# Metrics (for agent tracking)
progress_percent: 0
estimated_hours: 0
actual_hours: 0
tasks_total: 0
tasks_completed: 0

# Links (optional)
related_projects: []
external_links:
  - "HubSpot Company: https://app.hubspot.com/contacts/24432642/record/0-2/16923631885"
repository: null

# HubSpot Integration
hubspot_company_id: "16923631885"
hubspot_last_sync: "2026-01-05"

# Flags (for agent automation)
needs_review: false
blocked: false
auto_archive_on_complete: true
---

# Burgerville USA - Client Remediation

## Overview

**Purpose**: Client remediation project for Burgerville USA to resolve outstanding issues and ensure compliance with Quatrro standards.

**Context**: High priority remediation work for at-risk key account requiring immediate attention to prevent churn.

**Success Criteria**: What does "done" look like?
- [ ] Criterion 1
- [ ] Criterion 2
- [ ] Criterion 3

## Current Status

**Status**: Active
**Progress**: 0%
**Last Updated**: 2026-01-05

### Recent Updates
- 2026-01-09: • Client retention at risk, using lease cake service as incentive - JJ Martin is sitting on termination letter. Offering lease cake service to retain $150K annual revenue client. (from Call with JJ and 1 other.docx)
- 2026-01-09: • Client retention at risk, lease cake offering may help - JJ has termination letter ready, trying to retain with $150K annual revenue proposal including lease cake services. Friday call scheduled to present additional services. (from Call with JJ and 1 other.docx)
- 2026-01-09: • Client retention effort with lease cake offering - Burgerville priced at $275k annually including lease cake services. JJ has termination letter ready - it's either this deal or nothing. Friday call scheduled to finalize. (from Call with JJ and 1 other.docx)
- 2026-01-08: Burgerville will either terminate entirely or keep partial business during Restaurant 365 migration (from MUC Key Accounts at Risk - Weekly Call.docx)
- 2026-01-05: Project initiated with HubSpot integration planned

### Next Steps
1. Sync HubSpot data for complete client profile
2. Review client communications and meeting notes
3. Analyze current compliance issues and create remediation plan

## Project Details

### Goals
1. **Primary Goal**: Main objective
2. **Secondary Goal**: Supporting objective
3. **Stretch Goal**: Nice-to-have outcome

### Scope

**In Scope**:
- Item 1
- Item 2
- Item 3

**Out of Scope**:
- Item 1
- Item 2

### Constraints
- **Time**: Deadline or timeframe constraints
- **Budget**: Financial limitations (if applicable)
- **Resources**: Available resources and limitations
- **Dependencies**: What this project depends on

### Risks
| Risk | Likelihood | Impact | Mitigation |
|------|-----------|--------|------------|
| Risk 1 | High/Med/Low | High/Med/Low | How to address |
| Risk 2 | High/Med/Low | High/Med/Low | How to address |

## Resources

### Documentation
- [Tasks](./tasks.md) - Task tracking and todo list
- [Timeline](./timeline.md) - Milestones and phases
- See [docs/](./docs/) folder for additional documentation

### Assets
- See [assets/](./assets/) folder for files, images, etc.

### Notes
- See [notes/](./notes/) folder for general notes and ideas

## Metrics & Tracking

### Key Metrics
- **Metric 1**: Description (Target: X, Current: Y)
- **Metric 2**: Description (Target: X, Current: Y)

### Time Tracking
- **Estimated Time**: 0 hours
- **Actual Time**: 0 hours
- **Time Remaining**: 0 hours

## Retrospective

### What Went Well
- (To be filled on completion)

### What Could Be Improved
- (To be filled on completion)

### Lessons Learned
- (To be filled on completion)

## Archive Notes

**When Archiving**:
- Date archived:
- Final status:
- Key outcomes:
- Files archived to:

---

**Project Created**: 2025-01-15
**Last Updated**: 2026-01-05
**Project Owner**: Your Name
