# Participants

- Jeff Morton
- Jeri Snyder
- John Lavigne
- Paul Hurley

---

# Transcript

**Jeff Morton** (1:47): Hey, John. Hi, Paul. Hi, Paul.
**John Lavigne** (1:50): Hello.
**Paul Hurley** (1:53): Hey, Jeff.
**Jeff Morton** (2:00): Trying to get Jerry in here as well.
**Paul Hurley** (2:03): All out.
**Jeri Snyder** (2:28): Hello, apologies for being late. I was trying to get off of another call. And I was trying to tell them that I had another call to jump to. So appreciate. Thank you for your patience.
**Paul Hurley** (2:42): No problem.
**Jeri Snyder** (2:44): So you know, one of today's call we originally scheduled to talk about Leasecake and.
**John Lavigne** (2:44): No worries.
**Jeri Snyder** (2:56): You know the Restaurant365 update and the team has made me aware since that call obviously about the cash tips. And then I heard just a little bit ago that there was another call today regarding cash tips. So I feel like, as much as I would love to talk about Restaurant365, or Leasecake from a, that's how much those are much, you know, conversations. I'd rather have. I think it's time that I know I need to address this cash tips issue with you and the conversation with the internal team. So I felt that that was probably the priority for this call.
**Paul Hurley** (3:39): Yeah, that's.
**John Lavigne** (3:39): Well, I mean, I think what it comes down to is that I need to just get it done. I don't think there's anything else to kind of discuss about it. Just another thing that's gonna delay our close further and something that I need to pick up and get over the finish line so.
**Jeri Snyder** (3:59): Yeah, I'm sorry that we didn't get this done sooner. Clearly I got involved and stepped in or was trying to step in a little late to help the team. And so, you know, I don't like that this is how this has gone. This certainly I'm trying to step into this relationship and help you guys and be an advocate for you and help you guys with the team and manage that. It just seems like the last couple calls we've been on have just not been where I would like them to be and I know as you saw you received an e-mail from Jason because I escalated what's been going on to him, so that he was aware because I felt that that needed to happen and someone in our leadership team needed to be aware of how these calls have been. And again, therefore, I was wanting to talk about this cash tips and was hoping that we were gonna get somewhere where I could help out and get the team, but it sounds like from the most current e-mail that I was on, you know, that's not where you guys are at at this point.
**Paul Hurley** (5:16): Yeah, like John said, I think we just, we just need to get this done. I mean the suggestions of those cash tips, you know, landing on the P&L and benefits or miscellaneous expense, just we realize that that just, like John said, the absurdity of that suggestion is just we can't. We can't wait any longer. We just gotta. We really just have to get this done. We just have to.
**Jeri Snyder** (5:42): Yeah, yeah. And from that perspective, what the team had shown me, I was just trying to figure out the, you know, understood. I'm like cash tips would never hit the P&L unless we had over in that sense, unless we'd overstated sales. You know, so in all that, that's why I was like, I want to just understand all the pieces so I could help them walk through it and, you know, because it should be just as you stated in your e-mail. It should be on liabilities in the offset in liabilities when the payroll is cut and therefore net wash. And that's where I was trying to get to. Unfortunately, it seems like from mine and Jeff said we, we've gotten there a little too late for you guys under the, you know that these need to get done and finalized today.
**Paul Hurley** (6:33): Yeah. My question again, I know John's got some questions probably but like my question is right. So this got escalated to yet another person at Quattro. I mean, where do we start actually getting actionable deliverables like when? When do we have a process to handle cash tips? Undeposited funds? We get on these calls, we talk a lot about. How do we get there? It getting better but. It doesn't seem to. I'm just kind of struggling. Not only does John have to now take his time to do this on top of like the leases, but we're spending time on these calls and then we have to kind of explain it further to another person who got escalated to. With all due respect, we just wanna get the process solidified like we just want to fix it and stop talking about it.
**Jeri Snyder** (7:33): I agree that. I agree. I just wanted to make from my standpoint, it was just to make someone who is my boss aware of the situation just because I had concerns from recent emails and I need to get the operations team to start reporting to me from the standpoint of here is what we are, you know, here's our struggle so that I can help them and unfortunately, that piece is the piece that I'm still working through internally as I've taken over this account recently, you know, within basically just a month. And so I think that's the area the team has used to directly connecting with you two and not necessarily looping me in and that's a piece internally that I am trying to work on to get them to connect with me first and Jeff so that the two of you aren't looped in until it's necessary. And if I'm looping you in, it's because I'm doing it or Jeff's doing it because we truly have a gap that we're trying to make sure we have the understanding and that we're not missing something before the team reaches out to you.
**Paul Hurley** (8:46): Right. So when do we do that? When do we create kind of the understanding what changed maybe in our process or the way that we see this process has to take shape? So like someone like Rohit can do it. We left that call feeling like at least I left that call feeling like he was going back and still not knowing what to do. And that e-mail was kind of evidence of that. So. And I'm convinced that he can do it if he has the right playbook. He did it with our inventory sheets that, you know, the inventory process. This process I don't think is any more difficult than that or more complex in nature than that. Where do we sit down and design out this process? I mean, I feel like we're kind of expecting and waiting on that from your side, but like. Yeah, I just. I don't know. I honestly don't know what the path is to get it fixed. I'm still confused.
**Jeri Snyder** (9:52): So for me, what I was missing and that's just the reason I asked about the payroll was I was putting the pieces together so that I could walk the team through. Here's where the cash tips are coming through versus where we pull sales. And so maybe we're not pulling sales or we're not seeing the payroll side because the team internally was missing where those cash tips were coming in at on the sales side, right?
**Paul Hurley** (10:04): Yeah.
**Jeri Snyder** (10:14): So they weren't seeing it from sales, so they didn't. And so when they were booking the transaction.
**Paul Hurley** (10:21): Yeah.
**Jeri Snyder** (10:23): In order for it to balance, that's why they pushed it to the P&L. Wrong answer, right? But I felt like the piece I was missing in order to help walk them through that was let me understand where you pull the payroll side from so that I can walk them through.
**Paul Hurley** (10:28): Right. Yeah.
**Jeri Snyder** (10:39): Where are we pulling the sales from and why those two don't reconcile each other? Why they're not seeing cash tips?
**Paul Hurley** (10:44): Yeah, yeah. So I can explain the process real quick to help maybe fill in some of the gaps. So when we convert it to Zenyo, right? The system allowed us to incorporate paid-in cash tips. It's one thing that we weren't really getting, per se, like into a DSS feed when we were on Touchpoint. So right, you have all your cash sales, right? And then we have the tips, and then we have the deposit. Right. So well, that information is feeding into Zenyo. And what often happens is cash tips can either be missing, right? In which case, it will go right to over short because there's nowhere else for it to really go. Or the cash tips could be wrong. So what John and I do on a weekly basis is we query Zenyo for all cash tips paid in and then we have our regional manager review it and populate any gaps or make any corrections. So once a week we actually have by standby date what the cash tip should be and we send that to the team like we sent it to the team this morning and said here's, you know, whatever 12.1 through 12.7 as an example. Here's all the cash tips. Because what comes through the DSS from Zenyo again may be incomplete. It might not even be right what we are sending once a week will be ultimately what gets paid through payroll, right? So I even offered the suggestion to Rohit this morning if the team feels like they need to once a week query what came through the DSS and make an entry to true up to what the cash tips are for our schedule and adjust cash over short then great, then they have a cash tips number as a liability that will end up going through, like getting cleared out when we run payroll and we pay those out, right? Because those files that we send them are gonna be the same numbers that we process through payroll and relieve the liability. John's point earlier was, you know, if you pull undeposited funds, cash tips, cash over short.
**Jeri Snyder** (13:00): Understood.
**Paul Hurley** (13:07): And like it can only go into those numbers, right? And then you have what's deposited into the bank, and then you have what ends up going through payroll. And you know what our cash tips are, we were hoping the team could help design the process to make this thing work. But I think there's just a lot of I again, I don't know exactly where the disconnect is, but the cash tips that we have that we're paying through payroll are sent to the team on a schedule that could be reconciled against what's in the system, John. I don't know if you have anything to add on that, but I want to just make sure you knew like the way that works and what we have access to the payroll file that you're talking about that they have. That's just our when we run our biweekly payroll, we're running payroll summary out of Zenyo. We're taking the cash tips, the same one that we send to the team. We consolidate that. We take the credit card tips that come right through the system right through Zenyo, so that should not be a problem because those should match with the exception of the 2.65% processing fee that we hold back before we pay out the credit card tips. But those are our actual payroll files that John and I do tip allocations with and send to BDO to process payroll. I don't know if that helps kind of.
**Jeri Snyder** (14:33): It does. It does it. I appreciate that. I was unaware of the fact that you're sending that query to them. That was a piece that wasn't relayed to me so again. That probably would have helped yesterday when I was trying to work with the team on this and again, I apologize, I feel like I've stepped in and it just, you know, and unfortunately, every time I think I'm getting somewhere, something happens. And so that's another reason why I wanted to escalate this above because I feel like and there are some pieces that I'm working with operations, but I also felt it was part of my leadership team should understand some of the issues so that we can work with you to get this resolved and I'm working with operations to try to get them to understand these escalations that they're having. These concerns need to come through Jeff and me first so that we have a chance to address it before it goes to either one of you because it certainly is not helping our relationship and these are not calls I enjoy doing.
**Paul Hurley** (15:03): Yep. Mm-hmm.
**Jeri Snyder** (15:18): Issues so that we can work with you, you know, to get this resolved and I'm working with operations to try to get them to understand these escalations that they're having. These concerns need to come through Jeff and me first so that we have a chance to address it before it goes to either one of you because it certainly is not helping our relationship and these are not calls I enjoy doing.
**Paul Hurley** (15:42): Right.
**Jeri Snyder** (15:45): And neither does Jeff.
**Paul Hurley** (15:46): Again, I personally want to get this right. No, I want to get this on track. Cash over short should be something that I think can be like a day one through four item in my opinion, if not even earlier than that. Like it, it. I don't think it needs to be what it is. I know you guys have other Seven Brew clients. I know. Tips get paid in through Zenyo. Like this should not. I don't think anything we're doing is a foreign concept to Quattro. Like. What sometimes I wonder, like just what is going on, because there's gotta be some best practices within the organization working with other clients that are doing the exact same thing that have the exact same POS. And again, it really is just it's cash sales. It's tips coming in. It's deposits and it's what hits the bank. You know, we keep this cash and credit verification on a daily basis. I'm a big believer and I say it all the time. To the team is like what gets done daily should be advancing us towards, you know, some really good documentation and some really good spreadsheets to support a close and make journal entries easy at the end of a month. I don't know why we can't integrate that into this and that's what John was trying to explain this morning too. I just don't, that creates confusion for me because I know you guys are able to do this for other clients. I would suspect.
**Jeri Snyder** (17:13): Yes, I did. I mean, I do have other Seven Brews who report to me as far as. And so my first question was why is yours different? Or why is this an issue for you in particular, the one that I reached out to? They handled it slightly different, but still we're pulling the same data. So this is something that I've got to work with the team.
**Paul Hurley** (17:35): Right.
**Jeri Snyder** (17:36): To get their arms around and get their mind and understand. And I'm working, you know. Candidly, I'm also trying to make sure that we have the right team in place and you know it's not something I like to talk about 'cause that's a, you know, call, but that's the other piece that I'm working on behind the scenes. And Jason may bring.
**Paul Hurley** (17:56): Yep.
**Jeri Snyder** (17:57): That up he may not.
**Paul Hurley** (17:58): Yeah.
**Jeri Snyder** (17:59): But just so that you're also aware.
**Paul Hurley** (18:01): OK. I mean, and the other thing I do struggle with, I mean we're paying for a service that we were promised these 10-day closes and again I don't think we've changed anything very dramatically about our business. I just with John having to inherit a bunch of the work like it's I don't know how we can pay for a service that we're not getting honestly.
**Jeri Snyder** (18:31): From a standpoint of, you know, the, you know, and I know I sound like from what I've said last time, you know, we have every intent to discuss moving to Leasecake to keep that piece from so that that is something not on John's P&L. And clearly I think this cash tips is something we absolutely can do without getting you guys involved. It's just a misstep that we need to overcome. So I don't think this is anything there's nothing you guys are doing that John should be doing, that we should be doing it. I hear you loud and clear.
**Paul Hurley** (19:16): Yeah. Because I mean, there's other examples too. I mean, whether it's like the prepaid insurance schedules, real estate tax schedules, it's like some of the stuff that we have to kind of produce on our own, right. Rain inventory, just like all these things that we do on our own that we're like again that should be part of the service. It's just that those have been areas historically that have been problematic and we've taken some of it back onto our plate unfortunately. But.
**Jeri Snyder** (19:49): I don't want you guys doing any work that you that we're engaged to do. So you know I need to understand all the pieces. You guys have felt that you've had or that you have taken back because I need to understand that it again works with me to make sure that I've got the right team in place working on your account.
**Paul Hurley** (20:08): Mm-hmm.
**John Lavigne** (20:10): I mean, I appreciate that. But just think about the two entries that the team needed to, we gave them notes for Brew Horizons and I said you need a code. You know we need to add an accrual for snow removal for these, you know, 10.
**Paul Hurley** (20:11): Yeah.
**John Lavigne** (20:46): When it was clearly in the e-mail that snow removal, these need to be coded to snow removal, right? I appreciate what you're saying, but I don't know if my notion is that the team, sites there are eight sites. The team coded those to general site maintenance. Can only do data processing. I don't think the team can manage anything other than just data processing and for us like we need a team that will actually be able to problem solve and think through situations and get the results that we need like we're on. I'm struggling today especially and I'm getting more and more frustrated because I have to do the sales tax for Florida or else we're gonna get penalized for late, late filing today. So I have to do this today and when I'm getting thrown back on my plate something I know that's gonna take me an easy 8 hours to resolve when we have a team that we have been paying you and we haven't and we've been asking for credits. I mean, I'm at the point where it's just like I. And I appreciate you coming in, Jeri, but how many times have we had conversations with different people? Like, I don't even know if Ganesha is involved anymore. He hasn't responded to any of the notes I've been including him on. I don't know. I feel like we're just doing a carousel where all we're doing is getting thrown around to all these different contacts at Quattro. But like when it comes down to a partnership, I feel like there's no partnership. I feel like there's nothing. I don't know. I've talked about us getting credits for a very long time, and I think that where I'm at the point where I don't want to pay for the month of November because of this and a partner I would say would agree with that. We've been constantly over-promised and under-delivered on almost every single close. And I can't keep on sacrificing time with my family and my kids because we're paying over about $10,000 a month to a team that isn't getting the job done and isn't following their contractual obligations to us.
**Jeri Snyder** (23:11): Let me talk with Jason about the credits and see what I can do. Certainly that, I mean I heard you. I saw your e-mail. So certainly that's an issue that I need to address. And see where I can do for you. I hear you. I wasn't under the impression that you are having to do Florida sales tax. So I don't know is that something that has just recently come up or I'm just trying to understand.
**John Lavigne** (23:45): No, no, that's something that we never signed up for your sales tax services.
**Paul Hurley** (23:45): No, no what?
**Jeri Snyder** (23:47): OK, OK. 'cause I didn't think so, but all of a sudden I had another moment because I know our tax team, our sales tax team is a really great team. And so that's one area I never really have to hear anything about. So that gave me a moment 'cause I didn't think you had, but I wanted to make sure. But when you said that, yeah, it gave me pause.
**John Lavigne** (24:08): No, but I mean the fact of the matter still remains that I'm missing.
**Jeri Snyder** (24:10): Understood. I understood.
**John Lavigne** (24:13): I'm taking personal time now to get the work done that the team is not able to absorb.
**Jeri Snyder** (24:20): Understood. Well, I apologize for that. Let me see what I can do on the credits. I will certainly discuss that with Jason before he talks to you 'cause I know he's speaking with the two of you or with Paul. I'm not sure who's all. So let me get that out there for them so he can work on that as well. And I mean the only thing I could do is ask for the list of everything that you've had to take back so that I have the full list while I go and figure out the right people on the team because I do have other people on that are on other Seven Brews and on other clients and I don't get this kind of feedback. So I need to make sure it clearly sounds like the team I have in place is not necessarily the team that needs to be on your account. So I need to take that back as an action item.
**Paul Hurley** (25:30): OK. So besides the item on the credits that we'll be talking to Jason about.
**Jeri Snyder** (25:40): Yes, I'll make him aware.
**Paul Hurley** (25:42): OK, OK.
**Jeri Snyder** (25:43): So OK.
**Paul Hurley** (25:45): And then so what is like again? I just need something tangible here, like when do we reconnect on the team? When do we reconnect on what is the kind of the proposal for the new process related to calculating cash over short leases? The other items we'll send to you whether it's real estate taxes like honestly.
**Jeri Snyder** (26:10): OK.
**Paul Hurley** (26:13): I would definitely prioritize the leases and the cash over short stuff that those have historically, besides maybe fixed assets as well in CIP, but those have historically been the ones that have taken a process that seemed like it was off to a good start and absolutely ground it down to a halt almost every month. When do we hear back on all these items in the team and kind of go forward because we're gosh, sorry, go ahead.
**Jeri Snyder** (26:45): Are you? Go ahead. I was gonna ask, are you? I don't know what you're working, what your next week, if you are available. What your availability is next week, I don't want to push it off too much further into the but would you know next week or definitely no later than the following week? Not sure what your holiday schedule looks like, so I leave that.
**Paul Hurley** (27:10): OK. Yeah. So yeah, what I would say to it is if I'm not here absolutely and John has availability, I would continue on. I will be here through the 24th. And then I will from the 25th through January 1st, I'll be out. I'll be back on the second, but John's out on the 2nd and John's also out on the 26th. If we wanted to do something next week, I would say that would have to be either Tuesday or earlier in the day on Wednesday. I think our office gonna close a little bit early on Wednesday. And if it were the week after that, it would just be based on John's availability.
**Jeri Snyder** (28:03): OK. Well, I think it's important for both of you, so we can set something up for next Tuesday if you're available. If you let me know your availability, that gives me time, obviously, to kind of work through that and come up with a plan, but not too much time out in the future.
**Paul Hurley** (28:29): Next Tuesday, you said.
**Jeri Snyder** (28:31): Yes. I don't know. Maybe 3:00 PM work? Just trying to think of.
**Paul Hurley** (28:42): Conflict at 3:00.
**Jeri Snyder** (28:45): OK.
**Paul Hurley** (28:48): We're available around like 1:00 or in the morning. We can shift some things around in the morning.
**Jeri Snyder** (28:57): Uh.
**Paul Hurley** (29:01): All right, bye. At least I can. I can.
**Jeri Snyder** (29:03): Go ahead.
**Paul Hurley** (29:05): I can. Me and John have something like, I think 10:30 to 11:30, but we could flex that if we need to.
**Jeri Snyder** (29:14): Yeah, I was gonna suggest I was gonna ask about 11, so.
**Paul Hurley** (29:18): That's fine.
**John Lavigne** (29:19): 11's good.
**Jeri Snyder** (29:19): OK, OK, let me get that set up. OK.
**Paul Hurley** (29:26): Because yeah, my big concern it should be. It's the obvious one, right? We're heading into year end.
**Jeri Snyder** (29:34): Yes.
**Paul Hurley** (29:34): And yeah, this is a little. It is a little bit anxiety provoking the way that this close is going, knowing that we're about 13 days away from the biggest close that we're gonna have thus far in our history. We have the review, right? We have all kinds of timelines to get covenants to the bank, all this stuff. So this is absolutely the wrong time for the close to be going sideways like this.
**Jeri Snyder** (30:09): Understood. OK, team update. I'll get that sent off momentarily. OK.
**Paul Hurley** (30:19): OK.
**Jeri Snyder** (30:26): Alright. Again, I'm gonna work to get this right because this is not something that I'm used to walking into, and certainly if I oversee something like this, this is not the way it goes. So I've gotta.
**Paul Hurley** (30:39): OK.
**Jeri Snyder** (30:39): I've gotta get this righted for you guys.
**Paul Hurley** (30:44): We appreciate that and you know and again the thing that John and I want, we just want to fix it.